#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
accessible-pygments==0.0.5
    # via pydata-sphinx-theme
alabaster==0.7.16
    # via sphinx
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.9.0
    # via httpx
appnope==0.1.4
    # via ipykernel
asciichartpy==1.5.25
    # via easydiffraction
asteval==1.0.6
    # via
    #   easydiffraction
    #   easyscience
    #   lmfit
asttokens==3.0.0
    # via stack-data
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-cache
    #   referencing
babel==2.17.0
    # via
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx
backrefs==5.9
    # via mkdocs-material
bcrypt==4.3.0
    # via paramiko
beautifulsoup4==4.13.3
    # via
    #   nbconvert
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
bleach[css]==6.2.0
    # via nbconvert
build==1.2.2.post1
    # via pip-tools
bumps==0.9.3
    # via
    #   easydiffraction
    #   easyscience
certifi==2025.1.31
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   jupyter-book
    #   jupyter-cache
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   pip-tools
    #   sphinx-external-toc
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   easydiffraction
    #   griffe
    #   mkdocs-material
comm==0.2.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
contourpy==1.3.1
    # via matplotlib
corner==2.2.3
    # via -r requirements.in
cryptography==44.0.2
    # via paramiko
cryspy==0.7.8
    # via easydiffraction
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
darkdetect==0.8.0
    # via easydiffraction
debugpy==1.8.13
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.2.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
dfo-ls==1.5.4
    # via
    #   easydiffraction
    #   easyscience
diffpy-pdffit2==1.5.1
    # via easydiffraction
diffpy-structure==3.3.0
    # via diffpy-pdffit2
diffpy-utils==3.6.0
    # via easydiffraction
dill==0.3.5.1
    # via
    #   libpyvinyl
    #   lmfit
dnspython==2.7.0
    # via email-validator
docutils==0.21.2
    # via
    #   myst-parser
    #   pybtex-docutils
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-togglebutton
    #   sphinxcontrib-bibtex
dynesty==2.1.5
    # via -r requirements.in
easydiffraction @ git+https://github.com/easyscience/diffraction-lib@d-spacing
    # via -r requirements.in
easyscience==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
email-validator==2.2.0
    # via
    #   scippneutron
    #   scitacean
emcee==3.1.6
    # via -r requirements.in
execnet==2.1.1
    # via pytest-xdist
executing==2.2.0
    # via
    #   stack-data
    #   varname
fastjsonschema==2.21.1
    # via nbformat
flexcache==0.3
    # via pint
flexparser==0.4
    # via pint
fonttools==4.57.0
    # via matplotlib
gemmi==0.7.3
    # via easydiffraction
ghp-import==2.1.0
    # via mkdocs
graphviz==0.20.3
    # via -r requirements.in
griffe==1.7.3
    # via mkdocstrings-python
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
h5py==3.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   libpyvinyl
    #   mcstastox
    #   scippneutron
    #   scippnexus
httpcore==1.0.7
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via scitacean
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   email-validator
    #   httpx
    #   requests
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via sphinx
importlib-metadata==8.6.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-cache
    #   myst-nb
iniconfig==2.1.0
    # via pytest
ipydatawidgets==4.3.5
    # via pythreejs
ipykernel==6.29.5
    # via
    #   mkdocs-jupyter
    #   myst-nb
    #   nbmake
ipympl==0.9.7
    # via -r requirements.in
ipython==8.35.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipympl
    #   ipywidgets
    #   myst-nb
ipywidgets==8.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipydatawidgets
    #   ipympl
    #   mcstasscript
    #   pythreejs
jedi==0.19.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   jupyter-book
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   myst-parser
    #   nbconvert
    #   sphinx
json-tricks==3.17.3
    # via libpyvinyl
jsons==1.6.3
    # via libpyvinyl
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-book
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2024.10.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter-book==1.0.4.post1
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyter-cache==1.0.1
    # via myst-nb
jupyter-client==8.6.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   nbclient
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.13
    # via ipywidgets
jupyterquiz==2.8.1
    # via -r requirements.in
jupytext==1.17.2
    # via mkdocs-jupyter
kiwisolver==1.4.8
    # via matplotlib
latexcodec==3.0.0
    # via pybtex
lazy-loader==0.4
    # via
    #   plopp
    #   scippneutron
libpyvinyl==1.3.0
    # via mcstasscript
linkify-it-py==2.0.3
    # via jupyter-book
lmfit==1.3.3
    # via
    #   easydiffraction
    #   easyscience
markdown==3.8.2
    # via
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-autorefs
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   pymdown-extensions
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   jupytext
    #   mdit-py-plugins
    #   myst-parser
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-autorefs
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib==3.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   corner
    #   cryspy
    #   ipympl
    #   mcstasscript
    #   mpltoolbox
    #   plopp
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mcstasscript==0.0.74
    # via -r requirements.in
mcstastox==0.0.11
    # via -r requirements.in
mdit-py-plugins==0.4.2
    # via
    #   jupytext
    #   myst-parser
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mergedeep==1.3.4
    # via
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-get-deps
mistune==3.1.3
    # via nbconvert
mkdocs==1.6.1
    # via
    #   easydiffraction
    #   mkdocs-autorefs
    #   mkdocs-jupyter
    #   mkdocs-markdownextradata-plugin
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocs-plugin-inline-svg
    #   mkdocstrings
mkdocs-autorefs==1.2.0
    # via
    #   easydiffraction
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   mkdocstrings-python
mkdocs-get-deps==0.2.0
    # via mkdocs
mkdocs-jupyter==0.25.1
    # via easydiffraction
mkdocs-markdownextradata-plugin==0.2.6
    # via easydiffraction
mkdocs-material==9.6.15
    # via
    #   easydiffraction
    #   mkdocs-jupyter
mkdocs-material-extensions==1.3.1
    # via mkdocs-material
mkdocs-plugin-inline-svg==0.1.0
    # via easydiffraction
mkdocstrings==0.27.0
    # via mkdocstrings-python
mkdocstrings-python==1.13.0
    # via easydiffraction
mpltoolbox==24.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scippneutron
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
myst-nb==1.2.0
    # via jupyter-book
myst-parser==3.0.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-book
    #   myst-nb
narwhals==1.47.0
    # via plotly
nbclient==0.10.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-cache
    #   myst-nb
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbmake
nbconvert==7.16.6
    # via mkdocs-jupyter
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-cache
    #   jupytext
    #   myst-nb
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbmake
nbmake==1.5.5
    # via easydiffraction
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
numpy==2.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   contourpy
    #   cryspy
    #   dfo-ls
    #   diffpy-structure
    #   diffpy-utils
    #   easyscience
    #   emcee
    #   h5py
    #   ipydatawidgets
    #   ipympl
    #   libpyvinyl
    #   lmfit
    #   matplotlib
    #   mcstasscript
    #   mcstastox
    #   mpltoolbox
    #   pandas
    #   pycifrw
    #   pythreejs
    #   scipp
    #   scippneutron
    #   scipy
    #   xarray
    #   xraydb
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   build
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupytext
    #   lazy-loader
    #   matplotlib
    #   mkdocs
    #   nbconvert
    #   plotly
    #   pooch
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   pytest
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-jupyterbook-latex
    #   xarray
paginate==0.5.7
    # via mkdocs-material
pandas==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dfo-ls
    #   easydiffraction
    #   xarray
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
paramiko==3.5.1
    # via scitacean
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via mkdocs
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
pillow==11.1.0
    # via
    #   ipympl
    #   matplotlib
pint==0.24.4
    # via
    #   easyscience
    #   libpyvinyl
pip-tools==7.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
platformdirs==4.3.7
    # via
    #   jupyter-core
    #   mkdocs-get-deps
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   pint
    #   pooch
    #   xraydb
plopp==25.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scippneutron
plotly==6.0.1
    # via easydiffraction
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via pytest
ply==3.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pycifrw
pooch==1.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   easydiffraction
prettytable==3.16.0
    # via pycifrw
prompt-toolkit==3.0.50
    # via ipython
psutil==7.0.0
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via stack-data
pybtex==0.24.0
    # via
    #   pybtex-docutils
    #   sphinxcontrib-bibtex
pybtex-docutils==1.0.3
    # via sphinxcontrib-bibtex
pycifrw==5.0.1
    # via diffpy-structure
pycifstar==0.3.0
    # via cryspy
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.11.2
    # via
    #   scippneutron
    #   scitacean
pydantic-core==2.33.1
    # via pydantic
pydata-sphinx-theme==0.15.4
    # via sphinx-book-theme
pygments==2.19.1
    # via
    #   accessible-pygments
    #   ipython
    #   mkdocs-jupyter
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbmake
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx
pymdown-extensions==10.16
    # via
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocstrings
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via paramiko
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via matplotlib
pyproject-hooks==1.2.0
    # via
    #   build
    #   pip-tools
pytest==8.3.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   easydiffraction
    #   nbmake
    #   pytest-xdist
pytest-xdist==3.8.0
    # via easydiffraction
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   ghp-import
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   scippneutron
    #   scippnexus
    #   scitacean
pythreejs==2.4.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2025.2
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   easydiffraction
    #   jupyter-book
    #   jupyter-cache
    #   jupytext
    #   mcstasscript
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-get-deps
    #   mkdocs-markdownextradata-plugin
    #   myst-nb
    #   myst-parser
    #   pybtex
    #   pymdown-extensions
    #   pyyaml-env-tag
    #   sphinx-external-toc
    #   sphinxcontrib-mermaid
pyyaml-env-tag==1.1
    # via mkdocs
pyzmq==26.4.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   pooch
    #   sphinx
rpds-py==0.24.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
scipp==25.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   easyscience
    #   scippneutron
    #   scippnexus
scippneutron==25.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
scippnexus==25.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scippneutron
scipy==1.15.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cryspy
    #   dfo-ls
    #   diffpy-utils
    #   easydiffraction
    #   libpyvinyl
    #   lmfit
    #   scippneutron
    #   scippnexus
    #   xraydb
scitacean[sftp]==25.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   pybtex
    #   python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via sphinx
soupsieve==2.6
    # via beautifulsoup4
sphinx==7.4.7
    # via
    #   jupyter-book
    #   myst-nb
    #   myst-parser
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx-book-theme
    #   sphinx-comments
    #   sphinx-copybutton
    #   sphinx-design
    #   sphinx-external-toc
    #   sphinx-jupyterbook-latex
    #   sphinx-multitoc-numbering
    #   sphinx-thebe
    #   sphinx-togglebutton
    #   sphinxcontrib-bibtex
    #   sphinxcontrib-mermaid
sphinx-book-theme==1.1.4
    # via jupyter-book
sphinx-comments==0.0.3
    # via jupyter-book
sphinx-copybutton==0.5.2
    # via jupyter-book
sphinx-design==0.6.1
    # via jupyter-book
sphinx-external-toc==1.0.1
    # via jupyter-book
sphinx-jupyterbook-latex==1.0.0
    # via jupyter-book
sphinx-multitoc-numbering==0.1.3
    # via jupyter-book
sphinx-thebe==0.3.1
    # via jupyter-book
sphinx-togglebutton==0.3.2
    # via jupyter-book
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-bibtex==2.6.3
    # via jupyter-book
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.1.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-mermaid==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sqlalchemy==2.0.40
    # via
    #   jupyter-cache
    #   xraydb
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
sympy==1.14.0
    # via easydiffraction
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via
    #   easydiffraction
    #   jupyter-cache
tinycss2==1.4.0
    # via bleach
tomli==2.2.1
    # via scitacean
tornado==6.4.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipympl
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   pythreejs
    #   traittypes
traittypes==0.2.1
    # via ipydatawidgets
typing-extensions==4.13.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   flexcache
    #   flexparser
    #   ipython
    #   myst-nb
    #   pint
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   referencing
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.0
    # via pydantic
typish==1.9.3
    # via jsons
tzdata==2025.2
    # via pandas
uc-micro-py==1.0.3
    # via linkify-it-py
uncertainties==3.2.2
    # via
    #   easyscience
    #   lmfit
urllib3==2.3.0
    # via requests
varname==0.15.0
    # via easydiffraction
watchdog==6.0.0
    # via mkdocs
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   prettytable
    #   prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
wheel==0.45.1
    # via
    #   pip-tools
    #   sphinx-togglebutton
widgetsnbextension==4.0.13
    # via ipywidgets
xarray==2025.3.1
    # via easyscience
xraydb==4.5.6
    # via diffpy-utils
zipp==3.21.0
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
